Stop lowercasing IDs received by OAuth providers (#2800)
wasp-lang/wasp: waspc/ChangeLog.md

# Changelog

## 0.16.5

### 🐞 Bug fixes

> - IDs received by OAuth providers are no longer lowercased to be inline with OAuth specification. ([#2800](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/2800))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IDs received by OAuth providers are no longer lowercased, to be in line with OAuth specification. ([#2800](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/2800))
```
